*www.carlcidromero.dev*

[[/index|Home]] | [[About]] | [[Music]]
----

=About=

Both this website and I strive for simplicity.

Learning brings me joy. Some of my favorite subjects include hip-hop, history, knowledge management, music theory, philosophy, science, systems theory, and technology.

==Music production==

I am an audio engineer that misses his Akai Pro MPC1000, Mackie CFX12-mkii, and TASCAM DP-02. One day, I just might revert to an analog workstation. Until then, I will continue to use Propellerhead Reason for music composition, arrangement, and sound design along with Apple Logic Pro for record, mix, and master engineering.

Fun fact: my music has appeared in a handful of cool video game soundtracks. 

==Software engineering==

I am a web dev gleefully stuck in Vim.

===Professional experience===

Here is a brief list of tools with which I spend most of my workdays to maintain a design system, shell application, microservice + micro frontend , and multiple libraries:

* Agile software development via:
  * Bash
  * Confluence
  * Git
  * GitHub
  * Jenkins
  * Jira Software
  * Rollup
* Atomic design via:
  * Material Design Components
  * Sass
  * Storybook
* Behavior-driven development via:
  * Jest
  * React Testing Library
* Micro frontends via:
  * Module Federation
  * Zustand
* Web Components via:
  * React
  * Stencil
  * TypeScript

==Writing==

I write concise poems, songs, short stories, technical documentation, and code.

===Notable education===

I studied creative writing under a really cool guy named Anis Mojgani and I earned my Bachelor of Arts in English Literature at Sacramento State University. 
