*carlcidromero.dev* | [[https://github.com/dot-ccrdev|github]] | [[https://linkedin.com/in/carlcidromero|linkedin]]

[[/index|home]] | [[/about/about|about]] | [[/books/books|books]] | [[/music/music|music]]
----

=about=

Both this website and I strive for simplicity.

Learning brings me joy. Some of my favorite subjects include hip-hop, history, knowledge management, music theory, philosophy, science, systems theory, and technology.

==music-production==

I am an audio engineer that misses his Akai Pro MPC1000, Mackie CFX12-mkii, and TASCAM DP-02. One day, I just might revert to an analog workstation. Until then, I will continue to use Propellerhead Reason for music composition, arrangement, and sound design along with Apple Logic Pro for record, mix, and master engineering.

Fun fact: [[/music/music|my music]] has appeared in some cool video game soundtracks. 

==software-engineering==

I am a web dev gleefully stuck in [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vim_(text_editor)|Vim]].

===professional-experience===

Here is a brief list of tools with which I spend most of my workdays to maintain a design system, [[https://www.trendmicro.com/en_us/devops/21/h/micro-frontend-guide-technical-integrations.html|shell application]], [[https://microservices.io/|microservice]] + [[https://micro-frontends.org/|micro frontend]] , and multiple [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Library_(computing)|libraries]]:

* [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agile_software_development|Agile software development]] via:
  * [[https://gnu.org/software/bash|Bash]]
  * [[https://www.atlassian.com/software/confluence|Confluence]]
  * [[https://git-scm.com/|Git]]
  * [[https://github.com/|GitHub]]
  * [[https://www.jenkins.io/|Jenkins]]
  * [[https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira|Jira]]
  * [[https://rollupjs.org/|Rollup]]
* [[https://atomicdesign.bradfrost.com/table-of-contents/|Atomic design]] via:
  * [[https://m3.material.io/components|Material Design Components]]
  * [[https://sass-lang.com/|Sass]]
  * [[https://storybook.js.org/|Storybook]]
* [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Behavior-driven_development|Behavior-driven development]] via:
  * [[https://jestjs.io/|Jest]]
  * [[https://testing-library.com/docs/react-testing-library/intro/|React Testing Library]]
* [[https://micro-frontends.org/|Micro frontends]] via:
  * [[https://webpack.js.org/concepts/module-federation|Module Federation]]
  * [[https://docs.pmnd.rs/zustand/getting-started/introduction|Zustand]]
* [[https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_components|Web Components]] via:
  * [[https://react.dev/|React]]
  * [[https://stenciljs.com/|Stencil]]
  * [[https://typescriptlang.org/|TypeScript]]

==writing==

I write concise poems, songs, short stories, technical documentation, and code.

===notable-education===

I studied creative writing under a really cool guy named [[https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Anis_Mojgani|Anis Mojgani]] and I earned my Bachelor of Arts in English Literature at Sacramento State University. 

